Goal: Advance our Technology-wide EPIC strategy to be the destination for exceptional global talent, setting the standard for the future of banking through secure, innovative, and resilient solutions.

Efficiency - Deliver a lower cost to business partners, clients, and customers by optimizing operations with speed and scale through the utilization of new technology to reduce friction and complexity.


Achievements:

Delivered all sprint commitments and completed all assigned user stories without defects in the lower and production environment.
Participated in the development of loan InfoEx APIs, including getloansInbankruptcy and gethistorydefaultsteps.
Performed functional and regression testing for InfoEx.
Resolved production issues for the "Get Bankruptcy Case Listing" feature.
Completed the Apigee migration for all InfoEx APIs and provided support for deployments in lower and production environments.
Achieved 100% compliance with GTG for all applications on the Enterprise pipeline and adopted GitHub Copilot.
Maintained hard gating compliance with tools like SonarQube, Black Duck, and Checkmarx.
Supported and debugged the HLBNK application as needed.
Implemented a Splunk alert for loans not released from bankruptcy for the HLBIK application.
Completed mandatory training and additional courses such as Kafka and Apigee, AZ-900, MongoDB, Java 17, and Angular.
Identified root causes of issues through Splunk logs and provided solutions.
Identified critical issues during HLBNK and InfoEx regression and informed the team to address them.
Provided support and solutions for the bankruptcy setup rules application and production deployment.
Ensured 100% compliance with GTG for all applications on the Enterprise pipeline.
Adopted GitHub Copilot and maintained compliance with hard gating standards.
Developed and shared coding standards to improve the quality of the team's code.
Proactively identified and mitigated risks associated with the business process.

Goal: Modernization & Digital Architecture/Speed - Migrate to Microservices and complete Apigee migrations.

Achievements:

Involved in Apigee migration for all InfoEx APIs.
Successfully implemented HLBNK and InfoEx Micro service applications.
Supported deployments in lower and production environments.
Addressed issues related to historical bankruptcy plans.

Goal: Simplification & Refactoring/Stability - Rationalize and retire applications to improve stability.

Achievements:

Slate and Littr will be retired once the Kafka implementation deployed into Production.
Provided support for the HLBNK application, including debugging and regression testing.
Implemented Splunk alerts and identified critical issues to improve application stability.

Goal: Business Priorities Success - Implement critical business features and maintain system stability.

Achievements:

Delivered on key business features like "Get Bankruptcy Case Listing".
Participated in the functional and regression testing of the HLBNK and InfoEx application.

Goal: Protection - Ensure a secure and stable environment by managing risks and vulnerabilities.

Achievements:

Adhered to hard gating compliance with security tools like SonarQube, Black Duck, and Checkmarx.
Completed all mandatory trainings on time.
Identified and mitigated risks in advance to ensure timely deployments.

Goal: Adopt quality first approach to software delivery

Achievements:

Test Automation: Conducted regression testing for InfoEx and HLBNK applications.
Branch/Merge: Followed enterprise standard branch strategy, ensuring smooth integration and delivery.
Adopt enterprise quality/automation tooling to reduce risk in our software delivery (

Tool Adoption: Utilized GitHub Copilot, SonarQube, Black Duck, and Checkmarx for code quality and security checks.
Compliance: Achieved 100% compliance with GTG for all applications.
Ensure all applications follow enterprise standard branch strategy for agile software development:

Branching Strategy: Maintained 100% compliance with the enterprise branching strategy.
Targets:

Branching strategy GTG: Achieved 100% compliance.
In sprint automation: Implemented in sprint automation for all new features.
Sonar scan, Black Duck, Checkmarx compliant: Maintained compliance with all these tools.
Proactively identify issues by Self Identifying risk associated with business processes:

Issue Identification: Identified critical issues during regression testing of HLBNK and InfoEx, leading to timely resolutions.
Full adoption of EL Change Management Framework:

Change Management: Fully adopted the EL Change Management Framework, ensuring structured and risk-free changes.
Ensure Zero DLP issues reported:

DLP Issues: Achieved zero Data Loss Prevention (DLP) issues reported.
Complete all Mandatory trainings in time:

Training Completion: Completed all mandatory training courses on time.
Advance our DORA adoption and align to Enterprise goals:

DORA Metrics: Advanced adoption of DevOps Research and Assessment (DORA) metrics, aligning with enterprise goals for deployment frequency, lead time for changes, mean time to recover, and change failure rate.
Metrics:

% of cyber related data breach by employees with Persistent Privileged Access: Achieved 0%.
% of applications utilizing IAM approved systems/solutions for provisioning, deprovisioning, and certification: Achieved 100%.
% adherence to availability SLA - critical applications: Maintained 99.9% adherence.
% successful validation of critical and high issues: Achieved 99% successful validation.
% of critical/high infrastructure vulnerability instances within required resolution date: Resolved 98% within the required resolution date.

Goal: Innovation - Drive and showcase advancements through innovative solutions.

Achievements:

Participated in one Hackathon and adopted GitHub Copilot.
Developed coding standards and shared them with the team.
Completed training in new technologies like Kafka and Apigee Full Stack.
Provided innovative solutions to meet project goals.

Goal: Culture - Foster a culture of continuous learning, collaboration, and risk management.

Achievements:

Completed various certifications and training courses.
Contributed to projects outside of the immediate scrum team to foster collaboration.
Ensured 100% survey participation.
Adhered to coding standards and proactively identified issues.








Completed the AZ-900 certification along with courses in MongoDB, Java 17, and Angular.
Finished comprehensive training in Kafka and Apigee Full Stack.
Completed all mandatory trainings.
Acquired strong functional understanding of HLBNK, ECM Kafka, and InfoEx.
Aim to leverage Git Copilot for time and cost savings.
Need to improve overall banking functional knowledge.
 
- Identified and promptly reported critical issues during the HLBNK and InfoEx regression tests, facilitating timely resolutions.
- Provided ongoing support and debugging for the HLBNK application.
- Participated in comprehensive end-to-end functional regression testing for the HLBNK application.
- Resolved long-standing Kafka issues in the Slate and Littr applications.
- Developed and implemented coding standards for the team to enhance code quality.
- Achieved 100% compliance with the Branching Strategy GTG, in-sprint automation, SonarQube scans, Black Duck, and Checkmarx.
- Ensured 100% compliance with GTG for all applications on the Enterprise pipeline and integrated GitHub Copilot.




**Professional Appraisal Comments Summary**

1. Delivered all sprint commitments and completed all assigned user stories with no defects in the production environment.
2. Actively participated in the development and enhancement of InfoEx APIs, including getloansInbankruptcy and gethistorydefaultsteps.
3. Conducted comprehensive regression testing for InfoEx and addressed historical bankruptcy issues.
4. Successfully resolved production issues related to the "Get Bankruptcy Case Listing" feature.
5. Played a key role in migrating InfoEx APIs to Apigee and provided support for deployments in lower and production environments.
6. Ensured compliance with hard gating standards like Sonar, Black Duck, and Checkmarx.
7. Implemented a Splunk alert for HLBIK application to monitor loans not released from bankruptcy.
8. Provided continuous support and solutions to team members, leveraging Splunk logs to identify root causes of issues.
9. Engaged in continuous learning and completed certifications in AZ-900, MongoDB, Java 17, Angular, Kafka, and Apigee Full Stack.
10. Actively contributed to projects outside the scrum team, fostering collaboration and innovation.
11. Participated in a hackathon and adopted GitHub Copilot for improved efficiency.
12. Identified and mitigated risks well in advance, ensuring 100% successful deployments.
13. Developed and enforced coding standards to enhance code quality and achieved full compliance with the Branching Strategy GTG and in-sprint automation.
14. Conducted thorough end-to-end functional regression testing and provided debugging support for HLBNK applications.
15. Demonstrated a strong functional understanding of HLBNK, ECM Kafka, and InfoEx, with ongoing efforts to improve overall banking functional knowledge.
16. Provided design solutions as needed
17.I hope my skills enable me to excel in a lead role moving forward.